Here are the user profiles for 30 users:

1: {Name: Liam; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 41; Gender: Male; Education: Master's degree; Occupation: Manager; Description: Liam is a driven manager who enjoys leading teams to success. He loves playing rugby in his free time and is an avid fan of the All Blacks.}
2: {Name: Sophia; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 29; Gender: Female; Education: Bachelor's degree; Occupation: Professional; Description: Sophia is a passionate environmentalist who works as a sustainability consultant. She loves hiking in the Waitakere Ranges and trying out new vegetarian recipes.}
3: {Name: Ethan; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 35; Gender: Male; Education: Doctorate degree; Occupation: Academic; Description: Ethan is a brilliant scientist who teaches at the University of Auckland. He loves reading about quantum physics and playing chess with his friends.}
4: {Name: Ava; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 25; Gender: Female; Education: Level 5 diploma; Occupation: Sales worker; Description: Ava is a bubbly salesperson who loves working with people. She's a fitness enthusiast and enjoys trying out new exercise classes in the evenings.}
5: {Name: Jackson; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 38; Gender: Male; Education: Post-graduate and honours degrees; Occupation: Technician; Description: Jackson is a talented mechanic who loves tinkering with cars. He's an avid motorbike enthusiast and enjoys exploring the countryside on his weekends off.}
6: {Name: Charlotte; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 33; Gender: Female; Education: Level 4 certificate; Occupation: Community service worker; Description: Charlotte is a caring community worker who loves helping others. She's an animal lover and volunteers at the local SPCA in her free time.}
7: {Name: Lucas; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 32; Gender: Male; Education: Bachelor's degree; Occupation: Artist; Description: Lucas is a creative artist who paints vibrant landscapes of Auckland. He loves attending art festivals and trying out new coffee shops with his friends.}
8: {Name: Ruby; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 28; Gender: Female; Education: Level 3 certificate; Occupation: Clerical worker; Description: Ruby is a diligent administrative assistant who loves organizing events. She's an avid reader and enjoys trying out new book clubs in the evenings.}
9: {Name: Oliver; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 40; Gender: Male; Education: Master's degree; Occupation: Manager; Description: Oliver is a charismatic manager who leads his team with confidence. He loves playing golf and attending business seminars to stay ahead of the curve.}
10: {Name: Maya; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 26; Gender: Female; Education: Level 2 certificate; Occupation: Labourer; Description: Maya is a hardworking labourer who loves getting her hands dirty. She's an animal lover and enjoys hiking with her dogs on the weekends.}
11: {Name: Julian; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 36; Gender: Male; Education: Post-graduate and honours degrees; Occupation: Professional; Description: Julian is a driven professional who loves solving complex problems. He's an avid reader and enjoys attending book clubs with his friends.}
12: {Name: Zoe; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 30; Gender: Female; Education: Bachelor's degree; Occupation: Community service worker; Description: Zoe is a compassionate community worker who loves helping others. She's an animal lover and volunteers at the local animal shelter in her free time.}
13: {Name: Gabriel; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 34; Gender: Male; Education: Master's degree; Occupation: Academic; Description: Gabriel is a brilliant academic who teaches at the University of Auckland. He loves reading about philosophy and playing chess with his friends.}
14: {Name: Lily; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 24; Gender: Female; Education: Level 1 certificate; Occupation: Sales worker; Description: Lily is a bubbly salesperson who loves working with people. She's an avid shopper and enjoys trying out new makeup looks on her weekends off.}
15: {Name: Caleb; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 39; Gender: Male; Education: Doctorate degree; Occupation: Academic; Description: Caleb is a brilliant scientist who teaches at the University of Auckland. He loves reading about astronomy and playing rugby with his friends.}
16: {Name: Aria; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 27; Gender: Female; Education: Level 5 diploma; Occupation: Professional; Description: Aria is a passionate professional who loves working with data. She's an avid hiker and enjoys exploring the Waitakere Ranges on her weekends off.}
17: {Name: Finn; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 31; Gender: Male; Education: Bachelor's degree; Occupation: Artist; Description: Finn is a creative artist who loves painting vibrant cityscapes of Auckland. He enjoys attending art festivals and trying out new craft beers with his friends.}
18: {Name: Emma; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 29; Gender: Female; Education: Level 3 certificate; Occupation: Clerical worker; Description: Emma is a diligent administrative assistant who loves organizing events. She's an avid reader and enjoys trying out new book clubs in the evenings.}
19: {Name: Harrison; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 42; Gender: Male; Education: Master's degree; Occupation: Manager; Description: Harrison is a charismatic manager who leads his team with confidence. He loves playing golf and attending business seminars to stay ahead of the curve.}
20: {Name: Sadie; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 25; Gender: Female; Education: Level 2 certificate; Occupation: Labourer; Description: Sadie is a hardworking labourer who loves getting her hands dirty. She's an animal lover and enjoys hiking with her dogs on the weekends.}
21: {Name: Max; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 38; Gender: Male; Education: Post-graduate and honours degrees; Occupation: Professional; Description: Max is a driven professional who loves solving complex problems. He's an avid reader and enjoys attending book clubs with his friends.}
22: {Name: Ruby; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 32; Gender: Female; Education: Bachelor's degree; Occupation: Community service worker; Description: Ruby is a compassionate community worker who loves helping others. She's an animal lover and volunteers at the local SPCA in her free time.}
23: {Name: Owen; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 35; Gender: Male; Education: Master's degree; Occupation: Academic; Description: Owen is a brilliant academic who teaches at the University of Auckland. He loves reading about history and playing chess with his friends.}
24: {Name: Ava; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 26; Gender: Female; Education: Level 1 certificate; Occupation: Sales worker; Description: Ava is a bubbly salesperson who loves working with people. She's an avid shopper and enjoys trying out new makeup looks on her weekends off.}
25: {Name: Ethan; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 41; Gender: Male; Education: Doctorate degree; Occupation: Academic; Description: Ethan is a brilliant scientist who teaches at the University of Auckland. He loves reading about physics and playing rugby with his friends.}
26: {Name: Leah; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 29; Gender: Female; Education: Level 5 diploma; Occupation: Professional; Description: Leah is a passionate professional who loves working with data. She's an avid hiker and enjoys exploring the Waitakere Ranges on her weekends off.}
27: {Name: Lucas; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 33; Gender: Male; Education: Bachelor's degree; Occupation: Artist; Description: Lucas is a creative artist who loves painting vibrant landscapes of Auckland. He enjoys attending art festivals and trying out new coffee shops with his friends.}
28: {Name: Mia; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 24; Gender: Female; Education: Level 3 certificate; Occupation: Clerical worker; Description: Mia is a diligent administrative assistant who loves organizing events. She's an avid reader and enjoys trying out new book clubs in the evenings.}
29: {Name: Julian; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 37; Gender: Male; Education: Master's degree; Occupation: Manager; Description: Julian is a charismatic manager who leads his team with confidence. He loves playing golf and attending business seminars to stay ahead of the curve.}
30: {Name: Charlotte; Location: Auckland, New Zealand; Age: 28; Gender: Female; Education: Level 2 certificate; Occupation: Labourer; Description: Charlotte is a hardworking labourer who loves getting her hands dirty. She's an animal lover and enjoys hiking with her dogs on the weekends.}